[runtime-audit-engine] module documentation optimization (#11869)
deckhouse/deckhouse: ee/modules/650-runtime-audit-engine/docs/README.md

  * Containers running in privileged mode or attempting to mount sensitive paths, such as `/proc`, on the host.
  * Unauthorized attempts to read confidential files such as `/etc/shadow`.

## Requirements

### OS

The module uses the eBPF Falco driver to ingest syscall data. It is better suited for environments where loading a kernel module is prohibited or unsupported, such as GKE, EKS, and other managed Kubernetes solutions.
The eBPF driver has the following requirements:
* The eBPF probe may not work for every system.
* Linux kernel version >= 5.8.

> * Enabled [eBPF](https://www.kernel.org/doc/html/v5.8/bpf/btf.html). Check with the command `ls -lah /sys/kernel/btf/vmlinux`, or find `grep -E "CONFIG_DEBUG_INFO_BTF=(y|m)" /boot/config-*` in the list of kernel build parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Enabled [eBPF](https://www.kernel.org/doc/html/v5.8/bpf/btf.html). You can verify it as follows:
   - Run `ls -lah /sys/kernel/btf/vmlinux` — if the file exists, BTF support is enabled.
   - Run `grep -E "CONFIG_DEBUG_INFO_BTF=(y|m)" /boot/config-*` — the parameter must be set for eBPF to function properly.
```

The eBPF driver has the following requirements:

> * The eBPF probe may not work for every system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
